README.md, before:

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `yarn start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br />
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br />
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `yarn test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br />
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `yarn build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br />
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br />
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `yarn eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

Commit message:

Cleanup, added deployment scripts, added serving static files.

README.md, after:

# Police Violence

This app visualizes the data collected by the group fatalencounters.org.  It's meant to help spread awareness about police violence, and the disproportionate deaths of blacks in police encounters.

![app picture](/police-violence.png)

## Built With

ReactJS, Typescript, Node.js.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- A package manager like [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/)
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/)


### Installing

Run these commands in the terminal:

```
npm install

npm run dev
```

The app should automatically open in a browser at the url: localhost:3000

### Completed Features

- [x] Map data for deaths by state and county.
- [x] Map data for risk.
- [x] User filters for location, cause of death and year.

### Next Steps

- [ ] Bar graphs of locations with highest deaths.
- [ ] Filter for race.

## Author

Brendt Bly


## Acknowledgments

My thanks to the people maintaining the fatalencounters.org database, and people contributing to the US Census data.
